README.md improvements (#18)
mfdz/nvbw-osm-stop-comparison: README.md

> This project provides some scripts to compare officially provided stops from e or DELFI e.V. with stops extracted from OpenStreetMap.

Reviewer: Shall we fix this typo, too?

```suggestion
This project provides some scripts to compare stops from official data sources (e.g. from [DELFI e.V.](https://www.delfi.de)) with stops extracted from [OpenStreetMap](https://openstreetmap.org).
```
